Add ES5 warning to payload formatter doc (#68)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/integrations/payload-formatters/javascript.md

<!--more-->

> > **Note:** There are major differences between EC5 and EC6. See [here](https://www.javatpoint.com/es5-vs-es6) for a quick comparison. Notably, `let`, `const`, and arrow functions are not supported by EC5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Payload formatters use ECMAScript ES5 (2015), which has some distinct differences compared to newer, commonly used ECMAScript revisions. See [here](https://www.javatpoint.com/es5-vs-es6) for a quick comparison. Notably, `let`, `const`, and arrow functions are not supported by ES5.
```
